Suggested improved description of bindir (#1457)
conan-io/docs: reference/conanfile/attributes.rst

+--------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| self.cpp_info.resdirs          | Ordered list of resource (data) paths. Defaulted to ``["res"]``                                         |
+--------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | self.cpp_info.bindirs          | Ordered list with binary paths, such as executables and/or dynamic libraries on Windows. Defaulted to ``["bin"]``                                               |

Reviewer: The suggested line will match the table wide 😉 

```suggestion
| self.cpp_info.bindirs          | Ordered list with paths to binaries (executables, dynamic libraries,...). Defaulted to ``["bin"]``      |
```
